#26912 Glossary: Baseline (#34385)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/baseline/compatibility/index.md

- Mozilla Firefox (Android)
- Mozilla Firefox (desktop)

> Baseline is a summary guide to browser support, but does address feature accessibility, usability, performance, security, or other concerns.

Reviewer: I'd really like to preserve the original text more closely. It's the most picked over, negotiated bit of the original text. But in the spirit of brevity, my take on this:

```suggestion
Baseline is a summary of browser support. It is not a substitute for accessibility, usability, performance, security, or other testing. Baseline may not tell if you if a feature works with:

- Older devices and browser releases
- Browsers not covered by the Baseline definition, such as operating system web views
- Assistive technology, such as screen readers.
```

## Baseline badges

![Green widget with the checkmark: Baseline, widely available. Four browsers logos, all with checkmarks.](high.png)

> Features listed as **widely available** have a consistent history of browser support for at least 2.5 years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Features listed as **widely available** have a consistent history of support in each of the Baseline browsers for at least 2.5 years.
```

Not just 2.5 years in general, but a minimum of 2.5 years across the whole set of browsers.

Baseline may not tell you whether a feature works with:
![Green widget with the checkmark: Baseline, widely available. Four browsers logos, all with checkmarks.](high.png)

Features listed as **widely available** have a consistent history of browser support for at least 2.5 years.

- Older devices and browser releases
- Browsers not covered by the Baseline browser set, such as operating system web views
- Assistive technology, such as screen readers
![Blue widget with the checkmark: Baseline 2022, newly available. Four browsers' logos, all with checkmarks.](limited.png)

> If Baseline doesn't cover your situation, you can find more information in the browser compatibility tables on MDN, [caniuse.com](https://caniuse.com/), and [a11ysupport.io](https://a11ysupport.io/).

Reviewer: I don't have a direct suggestion here, except to say that acknowledging that Baseline is _not_ the only source of information on this stuff, particularly on the non-browser accessibility support, was essential to previous edits to this page.

> Features listed as **newly available** works in all stable browser versions, but may not work with older browsers and devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Features listed as **newly available** work in at least the latest stable version of each of the Baseline browsers, but may not work with older browsers and devices.
```

"at least" is key here—features spend 2.5 years in this state. Also, I want to be careful not to imply that Baseline is "all" browsers. Its a specific set that gets reviewed periodically.
